---
title: "about"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: user
---

## About Me

<div class="about-me-container">
<p class="about-me-text">I am currently an undergraduate senior at UC San Diego and will be graduating June of 2019. I decided to pursue a B.S. in Mathematics-Computer Science because I developed a strong interest in coding at an early age. In fact, when I was 13 I used to create animations in Flash CS3 and post them on different forums for critique, and to stand out from my peers, I learned to embed video player controls utilizing Flash CS3's in-program language. My interest guided me to take AP Computer Science in high school where I first learned of recursion and built my first program, software for a vending machine, exciting, right?. As I practiced more and more, I began to enjoy the process. The feeling of learning an entirely new concept, attempting to implement it, debugging the code, and then finally create a working, tangible product. Thus, my motivation for software engineering and data science stems from my desire to build products from scratch -- to experiment, fail, and experiment again until finally a working prototype relieves all the frustrations of the challenge. The process is nothing but bittersweet, but I love it because in the end it's all worth it. In the future, I wish to further my education in the computational sciences through a graudate program, and to develop applications that can be used by any and all individuals to improve some facet of their life.
</p>
</div>
<div class="about-me-boxes">
<div class="circle-frame"><i class="fa fa-graduation-cap fa-7x"></i>
</div>
<div class="about-me-headings">EDUCATION<br>
</div>
<div class="about-me-info-black">UCSD - <span class="about-me-info-yellow">Math-Computer Science</span></div>
</div>
